Are you okay? Starting from sending half my wife to the company,
Just kept laughing.
I wonder if you should stop spending money on food?
Did someone try their best to help you survive?
Used, hope has come.
Our family ran away for protection and fought desperately.
Okay, then I’m different.
My wife just broke into music in order to survive.
If you want it to be smooth, just cut it off.
My wife is so kind, and she is so protective.
It's love that's always like this
That's why I have to call Hui Guyan me
It's the same here. It's true.
Xianjun stronghold
I used to say the same thing about people in Lihao
It's cold here
It was me who flew in Gujiacun before
It seems like some kind of family cave
This Gu Yangao looks more like Dachang
Just remember the identity of our old words
real story
Everyone will be killed soon
If this is the case
The finished lady
I probably don’t know what the old story is really about.
He must not have known about the quarrel or else
How could he still work in that small company?
I must have gone to Lijia to be a young mistress a long time ago, but mom
This incredible wealth should not have been his top priority in the first place.
Li Jia’s young mistress, my right
I was originally a member of you and Li Sihan
He can't let Xiao Jian take away by force, right?
We can't let him know Gu Yan's true identity.
Don’t worry, the Communist Party is fixated on it.
I said nothing about this matter
What he suggested
No, I'm really looking for you
I just said I would change it all the way back.
How could he ever be like this?
That's because
Gu Yan has a good image in his heart
If Gu Yan
The mind is not in the right place
Do you want to see that death?
Is that what you mean?
Not on this level or that thing
If you were dad
Gu Yan, please take care of it, Tong Wa.
It’s still possible to have a stillbirth, so I won’t let it go, but mom
What if Gu Yan can survive if he doesn't say anything?
He actually asked Tong Wa to decide the hat
I know to stay
The place where people come to your door must be mine.